content/event/example/index.md, before:

---
title: Example Talk

event: Hugo Blox Builder Conference
event_url: https://example.org

location: Hugo Blox Builder HQ
address:
  street: 450 Serra Mall
  city: Stanford
  region: CA
  postcode: '94305'
  country: United States

summary: An example talk using Hugo Blox Builder's Markdown slides feature.
abstract: 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis posuere tellusac convallis placerat. Proin tincidunt magna sed ex sollicitudin condimentum. Sed ac faucibus dolor, scelerisque sollicitudin nisi. Cras purus urna, suscipit quis sapien eu, pulvinar tempor diam.'

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: '2030-06-01T13:00:00Z'
date_end: '2030-06-01T15:00:00Z'
all_day: false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate: '2017-01-01T00:00:00Z'

authors:
  - admin

tags: []

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured: false

image:
  caption: 'Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/bzdhc5b3Bxs)'
  focal_point: Right

#links:
#  - icon: twitter
#    icon_pack: fab
#    name: Follow
#    url: https://twitter.com/georgecushen
url_code: 'https://github.com'
url_pdf: ''
url_slides: 'https://slideshare.net'
url_video: 'https://youtube.com'

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this talk with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: ""

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects:
  - example
---

{{% callout note %}}
Click on the **Slides** button above to view the built-in slides feature.
{{% /callout %}}

Slides can be added in a few ways:

- **Create** slides using Hugo Blox Builder's [_Slides_](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/content-types/) feature and link using `slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Upload** an existing slide deck to `static/` and link using `url_slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Embed** your slides (e.g. Google Slides) or presentation video on this page using [shortcodes](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/markdown/).

Further event details, including [page elements](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/markdown/) such as image galleries, can be added to the body of this page.

Commit message:

Uploaded CV and updated conference talks

content/event/example/index.md, after:

---
title: 'ART: Automated Redox-Titration with Interdigitated Electrode Arrays for Energy Storage Materials'

event: The 247th Electrochemical Society Meeting
event_url: https://www.electrochem.org/247

location: Palais des Congrès de Montréal
address:
  street: 455 Sherbrooke St W
  city: Montreal
  region: QC
  postcode: 'H3A 1B7'
  country: Canada

summary: 'Oral presentation at symposium I08: Flow Batteries: Beyond Vanadium - Breakthrough Electrolytes for Energy Storage'
abstract: |
  Mediated electron transfer serves as the working principle of redox-targeting flow batteries (RTFBs), a promising technology that requires optimization across a vast parameter space, including different energy storage materials, redox mediators, and electrolyte conditions. The method of electrochemical surface interrogation scanning electrochemical microscopy (SI-SECM) has been developed to understand the mediated electron transfer process between a redox mediator and a surface-confined species. However, this technique is often labor-intensive, low-throughput, and incompatible with automation and thus limits its applications for systematic studies such as optimizing RTFBs.

  Here, we present an automated platform based on interdigitated electrode arrays (IDAs) that enables high-throughput redox-titration measurements. Leveraging Python libraries developed by our group, we seamlessly interface electrochemical workstations and hardware components such as a syringe pump, achieving full automation of tasks traditionally requiring human intervention.

  To demonstrate the capability of our platform, we performed automated redox-titration measurements on polypyrrole (PPy), a conductive polymer that has found uses in pseudocapacitors. A total number of 504 SI measurements were conducted in 50 hours, covering a broad parameter space that included different IDA electrode gap widths, PPy charging potential, voltammetric scan rates, and electrolyte concentrations, with hexaammineruthenium(III) (Ru(NH3)63+) as the redox mediator. Our results demonstrated high reproducibility and revealed the effects of charging potential and electrolyte concentration on the charge storage behavior of PPy. Finite-element simulations further provided insights into the charge transfer kinetics between PPy and the redox mediator.

  We then extended the use of our platform to Prussian blue analogues (PBAs), a promising material for RTFBs to perform automated redox targeting experiments with different electrolytes and redox mediators. The high-throughput, programmable, and versatile nature of our platform establishes a practical way for advanced investigations into systems that require large-scale combinatorial studies.

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: '2025-05-20T11:00:00Z'
#date_end: '2030-06-01T15:00:00Z'
all_day: false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate: '2025-05-01T00:00:00Z'

authors:
  - admin

tags: []

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured: false

image:
  caption: 'Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/bzdhc5b3Bxs)'
  focal_point: Right

#links:
#  - icon: twitter
#    icon_pack: fab
#    name: Follow
#    url: https://twitter.com/georgecushen
#url_code: 'https://github.com'
#url_pdf: ''
url_slides: 'https://ziruiwang526.github.io/uploads/ECS_Montreal_Zirui_Final.pptx'
#url_video: 'https://youtube.com'

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this talk with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: ""

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects:
  - example
---

{{% callout note %}}
Click on the **Slides** button above to view the built-in slides feature.
{{% /callout %}}

Slides can be added in a few ways:

- **Create** slides using Hugo Blox Builder's [_Slides_](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/content-types/) feature and link using `slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Upload** an existing slide deck to `static/` and link using `url_slides` parameter in the front matter of the talk file
- **Embed** your slides (e.g. Google Slides) or presentation video on this page using [shortcodes](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/markdown/).

Further event details, including [page elements](https://docs.hugoblox.com/reference/markdown/) such as image galleries, can be added to the body of this page.
